= Blue Light Special

This fork (joerichsen / BlueLightSpecial) of Envy Labs' Blue Light Special
is a stripped down version that contains only the Impersonation parts.

It is supposed to be used in connection with a Rails (2.3) app that already
has Clearance installed and up and running.

== Setup

Install it like this
  ./script/plugin install http://github.com/joerichsen/BlueLightSpecial.git

Run the generators
  
  script/generate blue_light_special
  rake db:migrate

Add an admin? method to your user model

  def admin?
    role == 'admin'
  end

And you might want to add something to your views to stop impersonating

  <%= link_to 'Stop impersonating', impersonation_path, :method => :delete %>

You'll also want to take a look at Blue Light Special's configuration options
in config/blue_light_special.yml.

== Tests

Blue Light Special can optionally generate integration tests that cover all
of its basic features.  These tests require {shoulda}[http://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda],
{factory_girl}[http://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl], {webrat}[http://github.com/brynary/webrat],
and {fakeweb}[http://github.com/chrisk/fakeweb].  To install the tests:

  script/generate blue_light_special_tests
	
After the generator runs, you'll see  instructions for updating
test/test_helper.rb to include some helper methods that the tests require.
You can also use these helper methods in your own integration tests whenever
you need to sign a user in or out.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Envy Labs LLC. See LICENSE for details.
